Portland General Electric Company Third Revision of Sheet No. 7-1
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-1
SCHEDULE 7
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
PURPOSE
This schedule provides Standard and Optional Service choices for residential customers. Optional
Services include Time-of-Day (TOD), Peak Time Rebate, and Green FutureSM renewable portfolio
options.
AVAILABLE
In all territory served by the Company.
APPLICABLE
To Residential Customers.
ENERGY PRICE PLANS (DEFAULT PLAN OR TOD)
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE PRICE PLAN (DEFAULT PLAN)
This default plan is provided to Residential Customers who have not chosen the TOD portfolio
option price plan.
Monthly Rate
The default plan is priced as the total of the following charges per Service Point (SP)*:
Basic Charge
Single-Family Home $13.00
Multi-Family Home $10.00
Transmission and Related Services Charge 0.805 ¢ per kWh (R)
Distribution Charge 6.941 ¢ per kWh (R)
Energy Charge 3.543 ¢ per kWh (I)
* See Schedule 100 for applicable adjustments.
Advice No. 26-24
Issued June 3, 2026 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after July 8, 2026

Portland General Electric Company Third Revision of Sheet No. 7-2
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-2
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
TIME-OF-DAY (TOD) PORTFOLIO OPTION
This optional price plan provides TOD pricing for transmission and related services, distribution
and energy and can apply to a whole premise or to plug-in electric vehicle charging only*.
Enrollment is necessary.
Monthly Rate
Basic Charge
Single-Family Home $13.00
Multi-Family Home $10.00
On-Peak Charge 30.263 ¢ per kWh (R)
Transmission and Related Services 2.310 ¢ per kWh (R)
Distribution 19.840 ¢ per kWh (R)
Energy 8.113 ¢ per kWh (I)
Mid-Peak Charge 11.143 ¢ per kWh (R)
Transmission and Related Services 0.790 ¢ per kWh (R)
Distribution 6.850 ¢ per kWh (R)
Energy 3.503 ¢ per kWh (I)
Off-Peak Charge 5.514 ¢ per kWh (R)
Transmission and Related Services 0.350 ¢ per kWh (R)
Distribution 3.010 ¢ per kWh (R)
Energy 2.154 ¢ per kWh (I)
* See Schedule 100 for applicable adjustments.
On- and Off-Peak Hours
On-Peak 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday
Mid-Peak 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday-Friday;
Off-Peak 9:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. Monday-Friday;
All day. Saturday, Sunday and holidays
Note: For Customers with Non-Network Meters, the time periods set forth above will begin and end one hour later for
the period between the second Sunday in March and the first Sunday in April, and for the period between the
last Sunday in October and the first Sunday in November. Customers with Network Meters will observe the
regular daylight-saving schedule.
Holidays are as follows: New Year’s Day on January 1; Memorial Day, the last Monday in May; Independence
Day on July 4; Labor Day, the first Monday in September; Thanksgiving Day, the fourth Thursday in November;
and Christmas Day on December 25. If a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday will be designated
the holiday. If a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be designated the holiday.
Advice No. 26-24
Issued June 3, 2026 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after July 8, 2026
 | 30.263 | 
 | 2.310 | 
 | 19.840 | 
 | 11.143 | 
 | 0.790 | 
 | 6.850 | 

Portland General Electric Company First Revision of Sheet No. 7-3
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling Original Sheet No. 7-3
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
TIME-OF-DAY (TOD) PORTFOLIO OPTION (Continued) (T)
(D)
Plug-In Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging Option (M)
A Residential Customer wishing to charge Electric Vehicles (EVs) may do so either as part of
Whole Premises Service (default plan or the TOD portfolio option) or as a separately metered (C)
service billed under the TOD portfolio option. In such cases, the applicable basic, transmission (C)
and related services, distribution and energy charges will apply to the separately metered service
as will all other adjustments applied to this schedule. Renewable Portfolio Options are also
available under this EV charging option.
If the Customer chooses separately metered service for EV charging, the service shall be for the
exclusive purpose of all EV charging. The Customer, at its expense, will install all necessary and
required equipment to accommodate the second metered service at the Premises. Such service
must be metered with a Network Meter as defined in Rule B for the purpose of load research, and
to collect and analyze data to characterize EV use in diverse geographic dynamics and evaluate
the effectiveness of the charging station infrastructure.
Special Conditions Pertaining to the Portfolio Option (including Whole Premise and EV (C)
Charging)
1. Service may be terminated at the next regularly scheduled meter reading provided the
Company has received two weeks’ notice prior to the meter read date. Absent the two-week
notice, the termination will occur with the next subsequent meter reading date.
2. Participation requires a one-year commitment by the Customer. Generally, if a Customer
requests removal from the TOD option, the Customer will be required to wait 12 months (C)
before re-enrolling. However, a Customer may request to reinstate service within 90 days
of termination, in which case the Portfolio Enrollment Charge will be waived.
3. The Customer must take service at 120/240 volts or greater.
4. The Customer must provide the Company access to the meter monthly.
5. After a Customer’s initial 12 months of service on the TOD option, the Company will (C)
calculate what the Customer would have paid under the default plan and compare billings.
If the Customer’s Energy Charge billings (including all applicable supplemental
adjustments) under the TOD option exceeded the default plan Energy Charge (including (C)
all applicable supplemental adjustments) by more than 10%, the Company will issue the
Customer a refund for the amount more than 10% either as a bill credit or refund check.
No refund will be issued for Customers not meeting the 12-month requirement.
6. The Company may recover lost revenue from the TOD optional price plan through (C)
Schedule 105. (M)
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025

Portland General Electric Company Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-4
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling First Revision of Sheet No. 7-4
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
Special Conditions Pertaining to the Portfolio Option (including Whole Premise and EV Charging)
(Continued)
7. Billing will begin for any Customer no later than the next regularly scheduled meter reading
date following the initialization meter reading made on a regularly scheduled meter reading
date, assuming no meter exchange is required to enable the TOD option.
8. The Company may choose to offer promotional incentives, including but not limited to
rebates or coupons.
ADDITIONAL PORTFOLIO OPTIONS FOR ENERGY PRICE PLANS
PEAK TIME REBATE EVENT PARTICIPATION
Customers choosing the Peak Time Rebate (PTR) program are eligible to receive a rebate for
reducing Energy use during Company-called events, relative to each Customer’s baseline Energy
use, as determined by the Company.
(D)
Monthly Rate
Customers enrolled in PTR will pay their energy price plan monthly rate – which includes Basic
Charge, transmission and related services, and distribution charges. Energy Charges may also
include the following PTR credit:
PTR Credit 100.00 ¢ per kWh
To receive the PTR Credit, the Customer must reduce Energy use during a PTR Event. Such
event will be a two- to five-consecutive-hour window typically between the hours of 7:00 AM to (C)
11:00 AM or 3:00 PM to 9:00 PM. The Company will take best efforts to avoid calling Events on
holidays, but reserves the right to call Events on holidays as system or programmatic conditions
warrant*. (C)
The PTR program has two event seasons: summer (typically the successive calendar months of (C)
June through September) and winter (typically successive calendar months of November through
February). Events may be called outside of event seasons if system or programmatic conditions
warrant. (C)
* Holidays are as follows: New Year’s Day (January 1), Memorial Day (last Monday in May), Independence Day (July (T)
4); Labor Day (first Monday in September), Thanksgiving Day (fourth Thursday in November), and Christmas Day (T)
(December 25). If a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be designated the holiday.
(C)
Advice No. 25-10
Issued April 16, 2025 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after May 28, 2025

Portland General Electric Company Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-5
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling First Revision of Sheet No. 7-5
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
PEAK TIME REBATE EVENT PARTICIPATION (Continued)
The Company initiates PTR events with an event notification to participating Customers prior to (C)
the PTR event. Participating Customers must choose at least one method for receipt of
notification: email, text, or another available option to enroll. The Customer must ensure Company (C)
is able to notify the Customer from at least one of these methods throughout the duration of the
Customer’s enrollment. (C)
Special Conditions Related to Peak Time Rebate Options
1. To be eligible for a PTR credit, the Customer must agree to receive PTR notifications.
2. The Customer may unsubscribe from the PTR event notification at any time. If the Customer
unsubscribes, they will receive credit only for those events for which they are enrolled and
receive notifications.
3. The PTR incentive may be provided in an on-bill credit on the Customer’s next monthly
billing statement, ACH, or by check at the next billing statement after the event season ends. (C)
(D)
4. The Company will defer and seek recovery of all PTR costs not otherwise included in rates. (T)
GREEN FUTURE RENEWABLE PORTFOLIO OPTIONS
Customers can add any of the following Green Future Renewable Portfolio options to any service
described in this schedule: renewable fixed option, renewable usage option, and renewable
habitat option adder (Habitat Support).
The Customer will be charged for the Green Future Renewable Portfolio option in addition to all
other charges under this schedule for the term of enrollment in the Green Future Renewable
Portfolio option.
Energy or Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), as defined in Rule B of this tariff, will be
acquired by the Company such that by March 31 of the succeeding year, the Company will have
received sufficient RECs or renewable energy to meet the purchases by Customers. For the
renewable fixed and renewable usage options, the Company is not required to own renewables
or to acquire Energy from renewable resources simultaneously with Customer usage.
For purposes of these options, renewable resources include wind, solar, biomass, low impact
hydro (as certified by the Low Impact Hydro Institute) and geothermal energy sources used to
produce electric power.
Advice No. 25-10
Issued April 16, 2025 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after May 28, 2025

Portland General Electric Company First Revision of Sheet No. 7-6
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Cancelling Original Sheet No. 7-6
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
RENEWABLE FIXED OPTION (M)
The Company will use funds received under this option to cover program costs and purchase 200
kWh of RECs and/or renewable energy per block enrolled in the renewable fixed option. All RECs
purchased under this option will come from new renewable resources.
The Company will also place any funds not spent after covering program and REC costs received
from Customers enrolled in this option in a renewable resources development and demonstration
fund (“Renewable Development Fund” or “RDF”). See Special Conditions for additional details on
the RDF.
Monthly Rate
Renewable Fixed Option $1.88 per month per block
RENEWABLE USAGE OPTION
Amounts received from Customers under the renewable usage option will be used to cover
program costs and acquire RECs and/or Energy, all of which will come from new renewable
resources.
The Company will place any funds received from Customers enrolled in this option that are not
spent after covering program and REC costs in a renewable resources development and
demonstration fund (“Renewable Development Fund” or “RDF”). See Special Conditions for
additional details on the RDF.
Effective January 1, 2025, the Renewable Usage option will match 73% of a customer’s electricity
usage with RECs. Upon each future Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) benchmark year, the
program will reduce the percentage matched through Renewable Usage to the difference
between the RPS and what it would take to be 100% renewable.
Monthly Rate
Renewable Usage Option 0.940 ¢ per kWh in addition to Energy Charge (M)
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025

Portland General Electric Company Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-7
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling First Revision of Sheet No. 7-7
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
RENEWABLE HABITAT OPTION ADDER (HABITAT SUPPORT)
(M)
The Company will distribute $2.50 per month as received from each Customer enrolled in habitat
support to a nonprofit agency chosen by the Company who will use the funds for habitat
restoration.
Available
Only Customers who are enrolled in a Green Future Renewable Portfolio option, described in this
schedule, may choose habitat support.
Monthly Rate
Habitat Support $2.50 per month
Special Conditions Related to Green Future Renewable Portfolio Options
1. Service will become effective with the next regularly scheduled meter reading date provided
the Customer has selected the option at least five days prior to their next scheduled meter
read date. Absent the five-day notice, the change will become effective on the subsequent
meter read date. Service may be terminated at or before the next regularly scheduled meter
reading provided the Company has received two weeks’ notice prior to the meter read date.
Absent the two-week notice, the termination may occur with the subsequent meter reading
date.
2. The Company, in its discretion, may accept participation from accounts that have a time
payment agreement in effect, or have received two or more final disconnect notices.
However, the Company will not accept participation from customers that have been
involuntarily disconnected in the last 12 months due to non-payment.
3. The Company will use reasonable efforts to ensure energy assistance dollars from the
Oregon Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and Oregon Energy
Assistance Program (OEAP) assistance programs are not used to cover Green Future
program participation during the time which participants receive these energy assistance
funds. As such, PGE will unenroll Customers from the Green Future program if they receive
energy assistance funds from LIHEAP and OEAP. If these energy assistance dollars are no
longer applied to the bill, the Customer may re-enroll in the program subject to the above
requirements.
4. The Company will use reasonable efforts to acquire renewable energy but does not
guarantee the availability of renewable energy sources to serve Green Future Renewable
Portfolio Options. The Company makes no representations as to the impact on the
development of renewable resources or habitat restoration projects of Customer’s
participation.
(M)
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025

Portland General Electric Company Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-8
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling First Revision of Sheet No. 7-8
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued) (T)
Special Conditions Related to Green Future Renewable Portfolio Options (Continued) (M)
5. Amounts in the RDF will be disbursed by the Company to non-residential renewable
resource demonstration projects or projects that commit to supply Energy according to a
contractually established timetable. The Company will report to the Commission annually
by March 15th, pursuant to Order No. 16-156, on collections and disbursements for the
preceding calendar year. The annual report will include a list of projects that received or
were allocated RDF funding.
6. Amounts placed in the RDF prior to July 6, 2016 will accrue interest at the Commission-
authorized cost of capital until disbursed. Amounts placed in the fund on and after July 6,
2016 will accrue interest at the Commission-authorized rate for deferred accounts in
amortization until disbursed. Amounts within the fund will be disbursed on a first-in-first-out
basis. Once funds have been committed to projects, following the required OPUC review,
they will be deemed disbursed. Funds deemed disbursed and still held by the Company, will
accrue interest at the Commission-authorized rate for deferred accounts in amortization.
ADJUSTMENTS
Service under this schedule is subject to adjustments approved by the Commission. Adjustments
include those summarized in Schedule 100. (M)
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025

Portland General Electric Company Second Revision of Sheet No. 7-9
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling First Revision of Sheet No. 7-9
SCHEDULE 7 (Continued)
[Sheet intentional left blank]
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025

Portland General Electric Company First Revision of Sheet No. 7-10
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling Original Sheet No. 7-10
SCHEDULE 7 (Concluded)
[Sheet intentional left blank]
Advice No. 24-39
Issued December 23, 2024 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after January 1, 2025