Portland General Electric Company Third Revision of Sheet No. 102-1
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Canceling Second Revision of Sheet No. 102-1
SCHEDULE 102
FEDERAL COLUMBIA RIVER BENEFITS SUPPLIED BY
BONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION
PURPOSE
Each Customer’s bill rendered under schedules providing Residential Service, Farm Service and
Nonresidential Farm Irrigation and Drainage Pumping Service will include the Federal Columbia
River Benefits supplied by Bonneville Power Administration (BPA), applied to each kWh sold
when the Customer qualifies for the adjustment according to the definitions and limitations set
forth in this schedule. Where Customers are served by Electricity Service Suppliers (ESSs), the
ESS will agree to pass through the credit to the Customer.
AVAILABLE
In all territory served by the Company.
APPLICABLE
To all bills for Direct Access Service, Emergency Default Service, Standard Service and
Residential Service where the Customer meets the definition of Residential Service, Farm Service
or Farm Irrigation and Drainage Pumping Service as specified in this schedule. Consistent with
the requirements of the BPA, if, in the course of doing business, a utility discovers that one of its
existing Customers is growing Cannabis using power provided by the utility, such customer is not
eligible for the Federal Columbia River Benefits supplied by BPA under this Schedule.
FEDERAL COLUMBIA RIVER BENEFITS SUPPLIED BY BPA
The credit will be the value of power and other benefits inclusive provided in accordance with the
terms of the Settlement Agreement between the Company and the BPA.
The credit inclusive of interest is:
Schedule 7
First 2,000 kWh (1.112) ¢ per kWh (I)
Over 2,000 kWh 0.000 ¢ per kWh
All schedules (1.112) ¢ per kWh (I)
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Residential Service means Electricity Service provided for residential purposes including service
to master-metered apartments, apartment utility rooms, common areas, and other residential
uses.
Advice No. 26-03
Issued January 28, 2026 Effective for service
Angelica Espinosa, Senior Vice President on and after April 1, 2026

Portland General Electric Company
P.U.C. Oregon No. E-19 Original Sheet No. 102-2
SCHEDULE 102 (Concluded)
FARM IRRIGATION AND DRAINAGE PUMPING SERIVE
Farm Irrigation and Drainage Pumping Service means Electricity Service to a parcel of land used
for the raising of crops, livestock, or pasturage and includes service to irrigation pumps.
FARM SERVICE
Farm Service means Electricity Service furnished to Premises employed for the purpose of
obtaining a profit in money by raising, harvesting and selling crops; or by the feeding, breeding,
management and sale of, or the produce of, livestock, poultry, fur-bearing animals, or honeybees;
or for dairying and the sale of dairy products; or any other agricultural or horticultural use, animal
husbandry, or any combination thereof. Farm Service includes the use of Energy to prepare and
store the products raised on the Premises for human use and animal use and his/her disposal by
marketing or otherwise. Farm Service does not include the use of Energy for commercial
treatment, storage, or distribution of agricultural or horticultural products and does not include the
use of land subject to the provisions of ORS Chapter 321 concerning commercial forestry.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
1. The Credit will be applied to residential and farm usage; however, irrigation for farm use is
limited to the first 400 horsepower per farm. The 400-horsepower limitation will be converted
to maximum monthly kWh usage according to the following formula:
400 hp x .746 x (24 hrs x days in Billing Period) = maximum kWh but not to
exceed 222,000 kWh in
any month
2. The credit is no longer applicable upon determination that the service no longer constitutes
residential or farm usage. The Customer or ESS will notify the Company of any change of
the type of service on the Customer’s Premises. The credit and eligibility for the adjustment
are subject to review and approval by BPA and the Commission.
Advice No. 23-40
Issued December 19, 2023 Effective for service
Brett Sims, Vice President on and after January 1, 2024